Houseowner, I don’t think you need to let half of the items go by the flag-eye ruler.
It may not be possible to handle well.
Who is great? You will naturally know from my heart.
With Flag Eye Ruler, it took me half a month to reach cooperation.
You'd better not cause any trouble for me during this period,
You ruined my good deeds. What?
Flag Eye Ruler gave the project to someone else,
I took care of it well, so I gave it to others as I said.
Qin Zong said that the matter of opening up Gu Ce has not been completed until now.
Mr. Gu, what's wrong?
Come with me now
Buy some farewell
go when we
Give Ye Bai a boost in person
What if I cooperated with someone from the industry side?
What about me? Are you asking to leave?
Ye Cheng has gone
I have already found someone to clean up Gu Jianfeng
how do you know
Gu Jianfeng and I are busy
I also sent people to protect me, but I was afraid.
Yungong Xifeng in the company
You actually turned out to be
Every movement of my artistic conception is realized by Mr. Qin
I don’t know anymore. I thought Mr. Qin was afraid that I would be out of the meeting.
Ahua, we miss you so much
Do you miss your mother?
He said he missed you very much
I also miss Mr. Qin very much
Long time no see
without my permission
Are you not allowed to think about him for any term?
Don’t you understand this rule?
This gentleman said you invited him here
So I still
It's because I got a little yellowish
Please also ask Director Qin to monitor
Today I mainly spend time with Qin Jie
I came here specifically to apologize to Miss Ye.
Mr. Gu is quite safe.
There is still time to accompany Xiaoqingren
Wait and learn from others
No No
like my thing
Are we having a conversation?
You don't have to take into account the general order and choose a superior person.
What Mr. Qin can do
If others can do it
Then Mr. Qin is no longer Mr. Qin.
Don't leave yet
Miss Ye apologizes